Meeting minutes: 26.10.2004.

 general meeting, no specific agenda.

 author:  M. Steffen

 present: most people, Harm Brand apologies for absence (exam)


o  official things: 

     - next week, M. Kyas and M. Steffen will
          be absent, the meeting will take place nonetheless
	  and headed by G. Schaefer

     - informal req. spec. v.1 was distributed


     - the ``first presentation'' was postponed one week later.
       In order not to loose too much time: Next week, the tools
       make some preliminary (and deeper) discussion and presentation
       than this week, which allows to make decisions fast concerning
       the tools at the 4th meeting. 

       The rational behind it is: tool discussion/decision will
       be easy/fast, the discussion concerning the specs will
       take more time.

o general discusion: Since there was no agenda, the meeting was more a
         general brainstorm.  In particular the spec groups made some
         remarks. Things that where being discussed concerning the spec
	 (but not ``solved'' of course) were:

    > Spec

	  - what will be the range of features? what should
	    be fixed and what optional and what whould be default?

	    (Of course): no solution was provided, but said that
	    it's part of the spec. task to clarify the things.


	    In this context we pointed out that we should diffentiate
	    between spec. and implementation phase.

	      + at some point, spec should be fixed, it must not
	        be a moving target throughout the semester. 100% freeze
		is not realistic, either...

	      + it seems better, for the implementation, that
	        one concentrates first on the easier/non-optional/
		non-adaptive etc part and then later, if time allows
		graft in the option.

	      + However, this does not mean that for the spec.
	        we do the same. The spec. should be so general
		so that it clearly states which is fix, and	
		which is adaptive/optional (where optional
		means not ``optional'' in implementation but
		``optional'' feature for the user.

	       + With this in mind, a good development path
	         will be, to start with the fix feature, and
		 later, as said, include the more fancy/adaptive
		 ones.
	    


	  - The informal spec seemed ``clear'' by those who commented.
	    However: being clear in an abstract way does not mean,
	    everything is fixed. => part of the spec. part is
	    to clarify things, to fix data, to take more concrete
	    decisions what is supported and what not

	  - webserver/one-shot usage: Spec2 brought up the issue whether
	    using it as webserver (instead of ``download-and-use'') should
	    be supported. Conclusion: yes, it's not an extension of the
	    task anyway (that's already discussed in the requirement spec.)



     > Testing:
           two members present, not much results yet, but
	    some prelim. ``product overview'' over available
	    tools,

	   Recommmendation: the members of the group should    
	   get together and establish contact.
	    

      > Tools:

           not much decisions yet, rather again a general discussion.  A
	   general recommendation was there: get into contact with us to
	   see what's available.
	   


	Tools1: recommended (without much deeper arguments)

	     -Java

	     -Tomcat

	     -subversion

	     -MySQL
	     
  
	     
	     



	    

   

    

